docs/about/contributing.md, before:

---
title: Contributing
description: Contributing guidelines for the Write2Audiobook project.
---

We welcome contributions!

If you'd like to contribute,
[fork the repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo)
and [submit a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

Learn more about [contributing to a project through forking](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/contributing-to-a-project).

For major changes, [open an issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue)
first to discuss what you would like to change. A major change significantly alters the user interface or the underlying
logic of the software.

Feel free to contact us on [GitHub](https://github.com/deangelisdf/write2audiobook) if you have any questions,
suggestions, or feedback.

Commit message:

filled out user guide and other pages

docs/about/contributing.md, after:

---
title: Contributing
description: Contributing guidelines for the Write2Audiobook project.
---

We welcome contributions!

## Before you begin

Browse the [open issues](https://github.com/deangelisdf/write2audiobook/issues). Leave a comment in the issue before you
start working on it. This lets the maintainers assign the issue to you and therefore prevent duplicate work from
different contributors.

If you want to suggest a change but can't find it in the open issues list, [open a new issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue).
A maintainer will discuss your changes with you and the rest of the contributor community. If you want to make the change,
a maintainer will assign the issue to you.

## How you can contribute

To contribute, [fork the repository](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo)
and [submit a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).
A maintainer will review your submitted changes. If the maintainer approves the changes,
they will merge the changes into the main branch of the repository.

Learn more about [contributing to a project through forking](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/contributing-to-a-project).

Feel free to contact us on [GitHub](https://github.com/deangelisdf/write2audiobook) if you have any questions,
suggestions, or feedback.
